well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to answer a
question
which party in the united states
best supports the constitution
you know one party loves to frame it
as though they are the defenders of the
constitution
use that symbol the parchment paper
we the people written really large
nothing else visible
and the question is whether or not they
are
really living up to the ideas and that's
how you test it
it's a real simple test do the
politicians who use this framing
who like to cast themselves as defenders
of the constitution
do they actually encourage their
supporters to live up to the ideas
contained within it
the concepts that were laid out do they
encourage their supporters
to support and defend the constitution
or do they just care about that
parchment symbol
we the people we the people
in order to form a more perfect union
establish justice ensure domestic
tranquility provide for the common
defense promote the general welfare
and secure the blessings of liberty
we're going to go through
one at a time establish justice
so if let's say hypothetically speaking
there was a segment of the population
that was disproportionately impacted
by police violence that
they suffered a sentencing disparity in
the criminal justice system
if that existed it would be your
constitutional duty to oppose that
system
it would be your constitutional
obligation
to attempt to fix it because you want to
establish
justice if you were to
say you know well he resisted cops can
do whatever they want
you are anti-constitution
we have a whole section about this due
process cops don't get to meet out
punishment
in the street it's not how it works
sorry
domestic tranquility that's one that's
come up a lot lately
you know it's become relevant because we
have had some less than tranquil moments
and the response from the we the people
crowd
send in the troops now ensure
domestic tranquility that means stopping
it before it starts
the way you do that is you actually
listen
to the people with complaints and you
fix them so it doesn't come to that
i know that's not the tough guy routine
that
people like to use but that is what's
written down in the constitution
that's why we have that whole section
about being able to petition for a
redress of grievances
the fact that it became less than
tranquil
is not a an indictment of those in the
street
it's an indictment of the government
that failed them
promote the general welfare and provide
for the common defense
these two go together common defense
you know republicans love that one
because they tie it to the second you
know
that's that's where they take it common
defense and i get it yeah that's part of
it
but provide for the common defense means
more than that
means i protect you and you protect me
wear your mask
my mask protects you your mask protects
me
it's your constitutional duty in this
case
to wear a mask to look out for your
community
to not be selfish
promote the general welfare it's kind of
the same thing
only to a less critical
outcome you know
let's say hypothetically
there was a systemic issue
that stopped a portion of the population
from being able to prosper
it would be your constitutional duty to
oppose that
you would want it changed because you
want them
to be able to prosper you want to
promote the general to everybody
welfare you want everybody to do well
and you can tie this to anything too by
the way
this whole part right here this is
really be a good person
look out for your community don't try to
keep other people down lift everybody up
promote the general welfare
it's there in the constitution first
paragraph
does not seem to be the mantra of
republicans today
and then secure the blessings of liberty
that's the one they love the most
because they
they take it to me and they can do
anything they want
no that's actually a warning secure the
blessings of liberty
and it goes on to talk about how it's
for us and those who come after us
so the duty here is to not
elect i don't know some authoritarian
goon
who thinks they can rule by tweet
to not elect somebody who calls
journalists an enemy of the people
anytime they criticize him
you know journalism the press being one
of the only industries
enshrined and protected in the
constitution
because it's that important to the
functioning of a representative
democracy
the republican party today
uh embodies precisely zero
of the main reasons we the people came
together
it's all about that symbol they care
more about that picture
of parchment paper with we the people
written on it than they do the contents
of the actual paper
the ideas contained within them the
concepts that were eventually supposed
to be spread to everybody when it was
written
including more and more people under
that umbrella of freedom
and anytime anybody tries to
get that umbrella over another group's
head
well they're the conservatives opposing
the very founding documents of this
country
you have a constitutional duty to say
that black lives matter
you have a constitutional duty to look
for ways to address systemic racism
out for your
fellow person during the current health
crisis
stop being so concerned with your rights
and be concerned about your
responsibilities
because you're letting you're letting us
all down
you're failing
anyway hopefully more people will join
we the people in the struggle to create
the society that was promised to us
one where all people are created equal
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day